 
the average American is exposed to the average American is exposed to
  the average American is exposed to
10,000 ads every single day all as a 10,000 ads every single day all as a
  10,000 ads every single day all as a
part of an industry that is worth nearly part of an industry that is worth nearly
  part of an industry that is worth nearly
a trillion dollars run by some of the a trillion dollars run by some of the
  a trillion dollars run by some of the
biggest companies in the world but you biggest companies in the world but you
  biggest companies in the world but you
probably don't even remember the ad that probably don't even remember the ad that
  probably don't even remember the ad that
played before this video so how many played before this video so how many
  played before this video so how many
more ads can companies cram in or are we more ads can companies cram in or are we
  more ads can companies cram in or are we
already past the point of no already past the point of no
  already past the point of no
return hey guy you're the first serious return hey guy you're the first serious
  return hey guy you're the first serious
gamer I've seen all morning check this gamer I've seen all morning check this
  gamer I've seen all morning check this
out out
  out
peeri advertising we all know it when we peeri advertising we all know it when we
  peeri advertising we all know it when we
see it whether it's in or on television see it whether it's in or on television
  see it whether it's in or on television
not great as a user experience though not great as a user experience though
  not great as a user experience though
I'm getting Googled now on Amazon where I'm getting Googled now on Amazon where
  I'm getting Googled now on Amazon where
if I want to actually find what like the if I want to actually find what like the
  if I want to actually find what like the
best product is I have to sponsored best product is I have to sponsored
  best product is I have to sponsored
sponsor okay all the way all the way sponsor okay all the way all the way
  sponsor okay all the way all the way
down here at the end of the page you down here at the end of the page you
  down here at the end of the page you
know item number 13 with social media know item number 13 with social media
  know item number 13 with social media
it's not so clear and neither are the it's not so clear and neither are the
  it's not so clear and neither are the
rules consumers can easily be rules consumers can easily be
  rules consumers can easily be
[Music] [Music]
  [Music]
fooled you can only learn so much in a fooled you can only learn so much in a
  fooled you can only learn so much in a
day and according to research conducted day and according to research conducted
  day and according to research conducted
by the National Institute of Health you by the National Institute of Health you
  by the National Institute of Health you
will forget half of everything you learn will forget half of everything you learn
  will forget half of everything you learn
within an hour there is no possible way within an hour there is no possible way
  within an hour there is no possible way
that even if you tried to listen to that even if you tried to listen to
  that even if you tried to listen to
every single ad that you were exposed to every single ad that you were exposed to
  every single ad that you were exposed to
on a daily basis that you would remember on a daily basis that you would remember
  on a daily basis that you would remember
everything they were trying to sell you everything they were trying to sell you
  everything they were trying to sell you
most people are not trying to pay as most people are not trying to pay as
  most people are not trying to pay as
much attention to advertising as humanly much attention to advertising as humanly
  much attention to advertising as humanly
possible they are doing the opposite possible they are doing the opposite
  possible they are doing the opposite
most people try to avoid it by skipping most people try to avoid it by skipping
  most people try to avoid it by skipping
the ads getting up from their TV during the ads getting up from their TV during
  the ads getting up from their TV during
commercial breaks and becoming wise to commercial breaks and becoming wise to
  commercial breaks and becoming wise to
carefully disguise product placements carefully disguise product placements
  carefully disguise product placements
people also get annoyed by the constant people also get annoyed by the constant
  people also get annoyed by the constant
interruptions nexn an advertising interruptions nexn an advertising
  interruptions nexn an advertising
technology platform and Magnum media technology platform and Magnum media
  technology platform and Magnum media
conducted survey on participants that conducted survey on participants that
  conducted survey on participants that
were exposed to a different frequency of were exposed to a different frequency of
  were exposed to a different frequency of
the same advertisement one four or six the same advertisement one four or six
  the same advertisement one four or six
times in a 1-hour viewing session times in a 1-hour viewing session
  times in a 1-hour viewing session
participants who only viewed the participants who only viewed the
  participants who only viewed the
advertisement once reported a higher advertisement once reported a higher
  advertisement once reported a higher
intent to purchase an advertised product intent to purchase an advertised product
  intent to purchase an advertised product
but participants who saw the ad six but participants who saw the ad six
  but participants who saw the ad six
times said that they were actually 16% times said that they were actually 16%
  times said that they were actually 16%
less likely to purchase it because they less likely to purchase it because they
  less likely to purchase it because they
found the product disruptive to their found the product disruptive to their
  found the product disruptive to their
overall experience so if we can't overall experience so if we can't
  overall experience so if we can't
possibly remember all of the ads shoved possibly remember all of the ads shoved
  possibly remember all of the ads shoved
in our face and they become less in our face and they become less
  in our face and they become less
effective the more they are served to us effective the more they are served to us
  effective the more they are served to us
that means we must have hit Peak that means we must have hit Peak
  that means we must have hit Peak
advertising right wrong if advertising advertising right wrong if advertising
  advertising right wrong if advertising
didn't work companies wouldn't spend didn't work companies wouldn't spend
  didn't work companies wouldn't spend
nearly a trillion dollars on it every nearly a trillion dollars on it every
  nearly a trillion dollars on it every
year which is an insane amount of money year which is an insane amount of money
  year which is an insane amount of money
that is predicted to grow data and that is predicted to grow data and
  that is predicted to grow data and
analytical reports from KPMG Magna and analytical reports from KPMG Magna and
  analytical reports from KPMG Magna and
Satia suggest that companies around the Satia suggest that companies around the
  Satia suggest that companies around the
world will be spending $1.2 trillion a world will be spending $1.2 trillion a
  world will be spending $1.2 trillion a
year on advertising in 2027 there are year on advertising in 2027 there are
  year on advertising in 2027 there are
three reasons why unfortunately we are three reasons why unfortunately we are
  three reasons why unfortunately we are
nowhere near the limit of advertising nowhere near the limit of advertising
  nowhere near the limit of advertising
the first reason is that companies are the first reason is that companies are
  the first reason is that companies are
widening the way that they can advertise widening the way that they can advertise
  widening the way that they can advertise
to us to us
  to us
in other words they are having their in other words they are having their
  in other words they are having their
customer their their clients their customer their their clients their
  customer their their clients their
merchandise sellers they're charging merchandise sellers they're charging
  merchandise sellers they're charging
them to advertise in their store the them to advertise in their store the
  them to advertise in their store the
largest category of advertising is largest category of advertising is
  largest category of advertising is
probably what you think when you think probably what you think when you think
  probably what you think when you think
of advertising 45C commercials that give of advertising 45C commercials that give
  of advertising 45C commercials that give
the audience some basic information the audience some basic information
  the audience some basic information
about the five PS of advertising the about the five PS of advertising the
  about the five PS of advertising the
product the price the people it's for product the price the people it's for
  product the price the people it's for
the promotion running on it and the the promotion running on it and the
  the promotion running on it and the
place where they can buy it all place where they can buy it all
  place where they can buy it all
advertising will have some or all of advertising will have some or all of
  advertising will have some or all of
these details in the ad traditional these details in the ad traditional
  these details in the ad traditional
advertising is still very popular advertising is still very popular
  advertising is still very popular
because it builds awareness of Brands because it builds awareness of Brands
  because it builds awareness of Brands
and products that might not convert into and products that might not convert into
  and products that might not convert into
sales for days or years after the sales for days or years after the
  sales for days or years after the
advertisement was aired if you think of advertisement was aired if you think of
  advertisement was aired if you think of
a soft drink you think of Coke or Pepsi a soft drink you think of Coke or Pepsi
  a soft drink you think of Coke or Pepsi
a place to do your shopping Walmart and a place to do your shopping Walmart and
  a place to do your shopping Walmart and
if you need new trainers you would if you need new trainers you would
  if you need new trainers you would
probably start with Nike that's because probably start with Nike that's because
  probably start with Nike that's because
these companies all spend billions of these companies all spend billions of
  these companies all spend billions of
dollars every year on awareness dollars every year on awareness
  dollars every year on awareness
advertising some advertising done by advertising some advertising done by
  advertising some advertising done by
lifestyle Brands like Nike won't even lifestyle Brands like Nike won't even
  lifestyle Brands like Nike won't even
mention four out of the five PS in their mention four out of the five PS in their
  mention four out of the five PS in their
materials they won't even mention a materials they won't even mention a
  materials they won't even mention a
price a promotion a place where you can price a promotion a place where you can
  price a promotion a place where you can
buy it or even the product they will buy it or even the product they will
  buy it or even the product they will
just focus on the people that use their just focus on the people that use their
  just focus on the people that use their
shoes so that in a year's time when you shoes so that in a year's time when you
  shoes so that in a year's time when you
decide to get back into shape you think decide to get back into shape you think
  decide to get back into shape you think
of athletes and Nike awareness of athletes and Nike awareness
  of athletes and Nike awareness
advertising Works particularly well for advertising Works particularly well for
  advertising Works particularly well for
fast-moving consumer goods the shelves fast-moving consumer goods the shelves
  fast-moving consumer goods the shelves
of Walmart and Kroger are filled with of Walmart and Kroger are filled with
  of Walmart and Kroger are filled with
products but those products have products but those products have
  products but those products have
packaging and that packaging is like a packaging and that packaging is like a
  packaging and that packaging is like a
mini billboard designed to stand out and mini billboard designed to stand out and
  mini billboard designed to stand out and
get your attention competition for shelf get your attention competition for shelf
  get your attention competition for shelf
space at the big box retailers is fierce space at the big box retailers is fierce
  space at the big box retailers is fierce
amongst Brands and it's getting more amongst Brands and it's getting more
  amongst Brands and it's getting more
heated as big box retailers release heated as big box retailers release
  heated as big box retailers release
their own white label products like their own white label products like
  their own white label products like
Sam's choice and great value companies Sam's choice and great value companies
  Sam's choice and great value companies
want as much shelf space as they can get want as much shelf space as they can get
  want as much shelf space as they can get
but retailers want to maximize their but retailers want to maximize their
  but retailers want to maximize their
floor space to the fastest moving floor space to the fastest moving
  floor space to the fastest moving
products so the best way for a company products so the best way for a company
  products so the best way for a company
to get shelf space is to show retailers to get shelf space is to show retailers
  to get shelf space is to show retailers
how much they are spending on how much they are spending on
  how much they are spending on
traditional awareness advertising this traditional awareness advertising this
  traditional awareness advertising this
kind of advertising has been around kind of advertising has been around
  kind of advertising has been around
since the days of Mad Men pitching Lucky since the days of Mad Men pitching Lucky
  since the days of Mad Men pitching Lucky
Stripes but it's about to be overtaken Stripes but it's about to be overtaken
  Stripes but it's about to be overtaken
by a new type of advertising that by a new type of advertising that
  by a new type of advertising that
combines the awareness and shelf space combines the awareness and shelf space
  combines the awareness and shelf space
into one search advertising is the into one search advertising is the
  into one search advertising is the
fastest growing category of advertising fastest growing category of advertising
  fastest growing category of advertising
because it reaches people as they are because it reaches people as they are
  because it reaches people as they are
actually looking to buy something paying actually looking to buy something paying
  actually looking to buy something paying
Google to be the first company to pop up Google to be the first company to pop up
  Google to be the first company to pop up
when someone searches for mountain bike when someone searches for mountain bike
  when someone searches for mountain bike
gives a company a pretty good chance of gives a company a pretty good chance of
  gives a company a pretty good chance of
selling some mountain bikes because it's selling some mountain bikes because it's
  selling some mountain bikes because it's
so effective it's also expensive and so effective it's also expensive and
  so effective it's also expensive and
it's why it makes up a majority of it's why it makes up a majority of
  it's why it makes up a majority of
Google's income Google is not a tech Google's income Google is not a tech
  Google's income Google is not a tech
company it's an advertising company that company it's an advertising company that
  company it's an advertising company that
runs a search engine on the side online runs a search engine on the side online
  runs a search engine on the side online
advertising has grown in parallel with advertising has grown in parallel with
  advertising has grown in parallel with
e-commerce search advertising also e-commerce search advertising also
  e-commerce search advertising also
benefits from Big Data because an advert benefits from Big Data because an advert
  benefits from Big Data because an advert
on TV is going to be seen by everybody on TV is going to be seen by everybody
  on TV is going to be seen by everybody
watching it if there are a potential watching it if there are a potential
  watching it if there are a potential
customer or not but advertising on a customer or not but advertising on a
  customer or not but advertising on a
search result can use collected data and search result can use collected data and
  search result can use collected data and
advanced algorithms to make suggestions advanced algorithms to make suggestions
  advanced algorithms to make suggestions
with the highest likelihood of sales with the highest likelihood of sales
  with the highest likelihood of sales
conversion there is also another conversion there is also another
  conversion there is also another
category of advertising that has been category of advertising that has been
  category of advertising that has been
growing rapidly and that is influencer growing rapidly and that is influencer
  growing rapidly and that is influencer
advertising so it's time to learn how advertising so it's time to learn how
  advertising so it's time to learn how
money works as I prove my own Point by money works as I prove my own Point by
  money works as I prove my own Point by
telling you about the very cool sponsor telling you about the very cool sponsor
  telling you about the very cool sponsor
of today's video that actually let me do of today's video that actually let me do
  of today's video that actually let me do
this this week's lesson is sponsored by this this week's lesson is sponsored by
  this this week's lesson is sponsored by
a long trusted Advertiser who a long trusted Advertiser who
  a long trusted Advertiser who
understands awareness advertising and understands awareness advertising and
  understands awareness advertising and
the Right audience to advertise to the Right audience to advertise to
  the Right audience to advertise to
brilliant brilliant knows that the brilliant brilliant knows that the
  brilliant brilliant knows that the
largest brands are regularly spending on largest brands are regularly spending on
  largest brands are regularly spending on
making their brands known to you and making their brands known to you and
  making their brands known to you and
that's why they've become a longtime that's why they've become a longtime
  that's why they've become a longtime
partner with me they know that while partner with me they know that while
  partner with me they know that while
you're learning something here you'll be you're learning something here you'll be
  you're learning something here you'll be
hungry to learn something there like hungry to learn something there like
  hungry to learn something there like
have you ever wanted to understand the have you ever wanted to understand the
  have you ever wanted to understand the
math used to model the chaos of the math used to model the chaos of the
  math used to model the chaos of the
financial markets if so then brilliant financial markets if so then brilliant
  financial markets if so then brilliant
made a smart choice placing an ad here made a smart choice placing an ad here
  made a smart choice placing an ad here
because they offer that course on their because they offer that course on their
  because they offer that course on their
website there's many more courses that website there's many more courses that
  website there's many more courses that
they offer that may interest you I'm so they offer that may interest you I'm so
  they offer that may interest you I'm so
blown away by chat GPT grock and Bard blown away by chat GPT grock and Bard
  blown away by chat GPT grock and Bard
that I need to understand how large that I need to understand how large
  that I need to understand how large
language models work and fortunately language models work and fortunately
  language models work and fortunately
brilliant has an llm course just for brilliant has an llm course just for
  brilliant has an llm course just for
that best of all you can learn anywhere that best of all you can learn anywhere
  that best of all you can learn anywhere
you are on your desktop phone or tablet you are on your desktop phone or tablet
  you are on your desktop phone or tablet
brilliant makes learning fun and brilliant makes learning fun and
  brilliant makes learning fun and
enjoyable and if you like my channel I enjoyable and if you like my channel I
  enjoyable and if you like my channel I
think you'll enjoy learning with think you'll enjoy learning with
  think you'll enjoy learning with
brilliant to get brilliant for free for brilliant to get brilliant for free for
  brilliant to get brilliant for free for
30 days go to brilliant.org howon works 30 days go to brilliant.org howon works
  30 days go to brilliant.org howon works
or click the link in the description and or click the link in the description and
  or click the link in the description and
the first 200 of you will get 20% off the first 200 of you will get 20% off
  the first 200 of you will get 20% off
brilliant's annual premium  
   
subscription it makes sense that new subscription it makes sense that new
  subscription it makes sense that new
companies entering the market need to companies entering the market need to
  companies entering the market need to
advertise so that potential customers advertise so that potential customers
  advertise so that potential customers
know that they exist the rate of new know that they exist the rate of new
  know that they exist the rate of new
businesses being started in America has businesses being started in America has
  businesses being started in America has
never been higher in the past 5 years never been higher in the past 5 years
  never been higher in the past 5 years
businesses have also found it easier to businesses have also found it easier to
  businesses have also found it easier to
get early stage investments from Venture get early stage investments from Venture
  get early stage investments from Venture
Capital funds VC investors want to see Capital funds VC investors want to see
  Capital funds VC investors want to see
growth in the companies they invest in growth in the companies they invest in
  growth in the companies they invest in
and that means acquiring customers and that means acquiring customers
  and that means acquiring customers
literally at any cost customer literally at any cost customer
  literally at any cost customer
acquisition costs track how much a acquisition costs track how much a
  acquisition costs track how much a
business needs to spend in marketing and business needs to spend in marketing and
  business needs to spend in marketing and
advertising to get one customer to buy advertising to get one customer to buy
  advertising to get one customer to buy
their product or use their service if their product or use their service if
  their product or use their service if
you run a business and the cost to you run a business and the cost to
  you run a business and the cost to
acquire a customer is greater than the acquire a customer is greater than the
  acquire a customer is greater than the
cost of the product you are selling to cost of the product you are selling to
  cost of the product you are selling to
that customer you have a sh business you that customer you have a sh business you
  that customer you have a sh business you
would think this is obvious but this would think this is obvious but this
  would think this is obvious but this
simple business basic has been tested by simple business basic has been tested by
  simple business basic has been tested by
new companies that needed to build out a new companies that needed to build out a
  new companies that needed to build out a
user base because their users were their user base because their users were their
  user base because their users were their
customers and product all rolled into customers and product all rolled into
  customers and product all rolled into
one if Uber didn't have drivers it one if Uber didn't have drivers it
  one if Uber didn't have drivers it
wouldn't be able to get paying Riders wouldn't be able to get paying Riders
  wouldn't be able to get paying Riders
and if Uber didn't have paying Riders it and if Uber didn't have paying Riders it
  and if Uber didn't have paying Riders it
wouldn't be able to get drivers so to wouldn't be able to get drivers so to
  wouldn't be able to get drivers so to
make the business operational Uber had make the business operational Uber had
  make the business operational Uber had
to pump billions of dollars of investor to pump billions of dollars of investor
  to pump billions of dollars of investor
money into advertising their service to money into advertising their service to
  money into advertising their service to
both drivers and Riders even much both drivers and Riders even much
  both drivers and Riders even much
smaller businesses need to do this to smaller businesses need to do this to
  smaller businesses need to do this to
get their first few customers as more get their first few customers as more
  get their first few customers as more
people try to be their own boss people try to be their own boss
  people try to be their own boss
businesses of all sizes are going to businesses of all sizes are going to
  businesses of all sizes are going to
need to spend more on Advertising to get need to spend more on Advertising to get
  need to spend more on Advertising to get
their first customers but these are all their first customers but these are all
  their first customers but these are all
still not the companies that are still not the companies that are
  still not the companies that are
spending the most on Advertising spending the most on Advertising
  spending the most on Advertising
according to a 2019 report by Insider according to a 2019 report by Insider
  according to a 2019 report by Insider
Intelligence on total ad spend it was Intelligence on total ad spend it was
  Intelligence on total ad spend it was
the largest and most established the largest and most established
  the largest and most established
companies that already had the most companies that already had the most
  companies that already had the most
brand recognition that we're spending brand recognition that we're spending
  brand recognition that we're spending
the most money on advertising and that's the most money on advertising and that's
  the most money on advertising and that's
because of the second reason why we are because of the second reason why we are
  because of the second reason why we are
unfortunately nowhere near Peak unfortunately nowhere near Peak
  unfortunately nowhere near Peak
advertising yet there's a sucker born advertising yet there's a sucker born
  advertising yet there's a sucker born
every minute if they stopped advertising every minute if they stopped advertising
  every minute if they stopped advertising
completely right now would you forget completely right now would you forget
  completely right now would you forget
about a certain Brown sugary fizzy water about a certain Brown sugary fizzy water
  about a certain Brown sugary fizzy water
the fast food shop that serves your the fast food shop that serves your
  the fast food shop that serves your
favorite chicken sandwich or the name of favorite chicken sandwich or the name of
  favorite chicken sandwich or the name of
the tech company that sells smartphones the tech company that sells smartphones
  the tech company that sells smartphones
probably not but advertising does more probably not but advertising does more
  probably not but advertising does more
than just inform you about new products than just inform you about new products
  than just inform you about new products
it can suck you into accelerating a it can suck you into accelerating a
  it can suck you into accelerating a
purchase decision you can admit it I can purchase decision you can admit it I can
  purchase decision you can admit it I can
admit it you have watched a fast food admit it you have watched a fast food
  admit it you have watched a fast food
commercial and become hungry for some commercial and become hungry for some
  commercial and become hungry for some
deep fried goodness but even for big deep fried goodness but even for big
  deep fried goodness but even for big
brands that are not selling products brands that are not selling products
  brands that are not selling products
that are impulse purchases advertising that are impulse purchases advertising
  that are impulse purchases advertising
is still an effective tool to secure is still an effective tool to secure
  is still an effective tool to secure
customers long before they even know customers long before they even know
  customers long before they even know
their customers JP morg and Chase became their customers JP morg and Chase became
  their customers JP morg and Chase became
a laughing stock on Wall Street last a laughing stock on Wall Street last
  a laughing stock on Wall Street last
year for spending $175 million on an app year for spending $175 million on an app
  year for spending $175 million on an app
called Frank that helped college called Frank that helped college
  called Frank that helped college
students find grants in scholarships the students find grants in scholarships the
  students find grants in scholarships the
app was filled with fake users and the app was filled with fake users and the
  app was filled with fake users and the
founder of the company that sold it to founder of the company that sold it to
  founder of the company that sold it to
the bank is now facing criminal fraud the bank is now facing criminal fraud
  the bank is now facing criminal fraud
charges but even if this app did have charges but even if this app did have
  charges but even if this app did have
the user base it reported at $175 the user base it reported at $175
  the user base it reported at $175
million it still seems like a bad million it still seems like a bad
  million it still seems like a bad
investment because college kids looking investment because college kids looking
  investment because college kids looking
for scholarships are not exactly for scholarships are not exactly
  for scholarships are not exactly
lucrative banking clients the reason the lucrative banking clients the reason the
  lucrative banking clients the reason the
bank made the purchase was because they bank made the purchase was because they
  bank made the purchase was because they
saw it as a great opportunity to get saw it as a great opportunity to get
  saw it as a great opportunity to get
young soon to be professionals used to young soon to be professionals used to
  young soon to be professionals used to
banking with them before they even had banking with them before they even had
  banking with them before they even had
earned their first paycheck once people earned their first paycheck once people
  earned their first paycheck once people
become accustomed to banking with a become accustomed to banking with a
  become accustomed to banking with a
certain Bank shopping with a certain certain Bank shopping with a certain
  certain Bank shopping with a certain
retailer or using a certain cell phone retailer or using a certain cell phone
  retailer or using a certain cell phone
they rarely switch so brands are willing they rarely switch so brands are willing
  they rarely switch so brands are willing
to spend a lot of money on winning over to spend a lot of money on winning over
  to spend a lot of money on winning over
the hearts and minds of young the hearts and minds of young
  the hearts and minds of young
impressionable people before they even impressionable people before they even
  impressionable people before they even
make their first purchase sometimes this make their first purchase sometimes this
  make their first purchase sometimes this
is done by purchasing a fraudulent app is done by purchasing a fraudulent app
  is done by purchasing a fraudulent app
that promis to provide direct engagement that promis to provide direct engagement
  that promis to provide direct engagement
with Millions but more often it's just with Millions but more often it's just
  with Millions but more often it's just
done with good old advertising brands done with good old advertising brands
  done with good old advertising brands
are increasingly in an arm race to are increasingly in an arm race to
  are increasingly in an arm race to
secure lifetime customers because the secure lifetime customers because the
  secure lifetime customers because the
numbers are obvious according to the numbers are obvious according to the
  numbers are obvious according to the
consulting firm enture Americans spend consulting firm enture Americans spend
  consulting firm enture Americans spend
on average 57% more with companies that on average 57% more with companies that
  on average 57% more with companies that
they are loyal to so this should tell they are loyal to so this should tell
  they are loyal to so this should tell
you two things if you are running a you two things if you are running a
  you two things if you are running a
company getting people early is worth a company getting people early is worth a
  company getting people early is worth a
lot and if you are a customer this is lot and if you are a customer this is
  lot and if you are a customer this is
your sign to not pay for loyalty check your sign to not pay for loyalty check
  your sign to not pay for loyalty check
your insurance utilities and your insurance utilities and
  your insurance utilities and
subscriptions and shop around for a subscriptions and shop around for a
  subscriptions and shop around for a
better deal at least once a year it better deal at least once a year it
  better deal at least once a year it
could be the most profitable 2 hours you could be the most profitable 2 hours you
  could be the most profitable 2 hours you
spend the third reason that we are spend the third reason that we are
  spend the third reason that we are
unfortunately nowhere near Peak unfortunately nowhere near Peak
  unfortunately nowhere near Peak
advertising yet is that companies are advertising yet is that companies are
  advertising yet is that companies are
finding new ways to reach you everywhere finding new ways to reach you everywhere
  finding new ways to reach you everywhere
the technology company anzu has raised a the technology company anzu has raised a
  the technology company anzu has raised a
total of $65 million and partnered total of $65 million and partnered
  total of $65 million and partnered
directly with some of the largest directly with some of the largest
  directly with some of the largest
companies in the world because of a new companies in the world because of a new
  companies in the world because of a new
technology they are developing their technology they are developing their
  technology they are developing their
program will let video game companies program will let video game companies
  program will let video game companies
dynamically integrate advertising into dynamically integrate advertising into
  dynamically integrate advertising into
your games as you play them this will your games as you play them this will
  your games as you play them this will
allow video game companies to tap into a allow video game companies to tap into a
  allow video game companies to tap into a
new Revenue stream on top of new Revenue stream on top of
  new Revenue stream on top of
microtransactions and you know actually microtransactions and you know actually
  microtransactions and you know actually
selling video games even if it's not selling video games even if it's not
  selling video games even if it's not
sneaking into video games the sneaking into video games the
  sneaking into video games the
advertising industry has come a long way advertising industry has come a long way
  advertising industry has come a long way
from television radio and newspapers from television radio and newspapers
  from television radio and newspapers
customers are also becoming more siloed customers are also becoming more siloed
  customers are also becoming more siloed
into different platforms you are into different platforms you are
  into different platforms you are
watching this video on YouTube right now watching this video on YouTube right now
  watching this video on YouTube right now
but you may not have watched cable TV or but you may not have watched cable TV or
  but you may not have watched cable TV or
read a newspaper for as long as you can read a newspaper for as long as you can
  read a newspaper for as long as you can
remember there are some companies that remember there are some companies that
  remember there are some companies that
like this highly targeted advertising like this highly targeted advertising
  like this highly targeted advertising
like watch this I predict in 4 seconds like watch this I predict in 4 seconds
  like watch this I predict in 4 seconds
some dude is going to pop on your screen some dude is going to pop on your screen
  some dude is going to pop on your screen
to pitch you some kind of way to make to pitch you some kind of way to make
  to pitch you some kind of way to make
money money
  money
online if you use ad block or YouTube online if you use ad block or YouTube
  online if you use ad block or YouTube
premium you might be confused right now premium you might be confused right now
  premium you might be confused right now
but people consuming Finance content on but people consuming Finance content on
  but people consuming Finance content on
YouTube are prime targets for people YouTube are prime targets for people
  YouTube are prime targets for people
selling courses on making money but selling courses on making money but
  selling courses on making money but
Ultra targeting doesn't work for big Ultra targeting doesn't work for big
  Ultra targeting doesn't work for big
companies with a broad customer base if companies with a broad customer base if
  companies with a broad customer base if
companies just focus on one medium for companies just focus on one medium for
  companies just focus on one medium for
their advertising they will be missing their advertising they will be missing
  their advertising they will be missing
out on capturing all the groups of out on capturing all the groups of
  out on capturing all the groups of
customers that don't use that platform customers that don't use that platform
  customers that don't use that platform
the result companies need to do more the result companies need to do more
  the result companies need to do more
advertising to cover all these platforms advertising to cover all these platforms
  advertising to cover all these platforms
or their competitors will steal market or their competitors will steal market
  or their competitors will steal market
share from them the fourth and most share from them the fourth and most
  share from them the fourth and most
concerning reason is that companies are concerning reason is that companies are
  concerning reason is that companies are
selling us worse stuff than ever before selling us worse stuff than ever before
  selling us worse stuff than ever before
just like there are so many new ways to just like there are so many new ways to
  just like there are so many new ways to
reach customers there are also new reach customers there are also new
  reach customers there are also new
things to sell to them and some of these things to sell to them and some of these
  things to sell to them and some of these
new products are going to do a lifetime new products are going to do a lifetime
  new products are going to do a lifetime
of harm to the people that buy them the of harm to the people that buy them the
  of harm to the people that buy them the
years of crypto advertising may be years of crypto advertising may be
  years of crypto advertising may be
coming to an end but in their place is coming to an end but in their place is
  coming to an end but in their place is
an even more efficient way for people to an even more efficient way for people to
  an even more efficient way for people to
lose all of their money gambling on May lose all of their money gambling on May
  lose all of their money gambling on May
14th 2018 the Supreme Court overturned a 14th 2018 the Supreme Court overturned a
  14th 2018 the Supreme Court overturned a
law that made gambling on Sports illegal law that made gambling on Sports illegal
  law that made gambling on Sports illegal
Nationwide overnight it became possible Nationwide overnight it became possible
  Nationwide overnight it became possible
to gamble on Sports from your phone at to gamble on Sports from your phone at
  to gamble on Sports from your phone at
almost any time of day and gambling almost any time of day and gambling
  almost any time of day and gambling
companies capitalize on this big time companies capitalize on this big time
  companies capitalize on this big time
Sports books are now spending more than Sports books are now spending more than
  Sports books are now spending more than
$2 billion every year on advertising and $2 billion every year on advertising and
  $2 billion every year on advertising and
this has created a marketing Gold Rush this has created a marketing Gold Rush
  this has created a marketing Gold Rush
the companies know that what they are the companies know that what they are
  the companies know that what they are
doing is praying on vulnerable people doing is praying on vulnerable people
  doing is praying on vulnerable people
and that they know laws will eventually and that they know laws will eventually
  and that they know laws will eventually
catch up but for now they have the catch up but for now they have the
  catch up but for now they have the
opportunity to capture as many people as opportunity to capture as many people as
  opportunity to capture as many people as
possible in one of the most lucrative possible in one of the most lucrative
  possible in one of the most lucrative
markets that exists companies like Nike markets that exists companies like Nike
  markets that exists companies like Nike
and Budweiser now have to compete with and Budweiser now have to compete with
  and Budweiser now have to compete with
sports books for air time between plays sports books for air time between plays
  sports books for air time between plays
and even these billion dooll companies and even these billion dooll companies
  and even these billion dooll companies
can't keep up with the spending of can't keep up with the spending of
  can't keep up with the spending of
sports books so they are advertising sports books so they are advertising
  sports books so they are advertising
more elsewhere which means you end up more elsewhere which means you end up
  more elsewhere which means you end up
with more advertising overall now there with more advertising overall now there
  with more advertising overall now there
is hope still for a long time the amount is hope still for a long time the amount
  is hope still for a long time the amount
of advertising we are faced with every of advertising we are faced with every
  of advertising we are faced with every
day has only gone up but go and watch my day has only gone up but go and watch my
  day has only gone up but go and watch my
new video over on how history works on new video over on how history works on
  new video over on how history works on
the full history of advertising to find the full history of advertising to find
  the full history of advertising to find
out how we got here in the first place out how we got here in the first place
  out how we got here in the first place
and how it could all end one place I and how it could all end one place I
  and how it could all end one place I
don't need to be Advertiser friendly is don't need to be Advertiser friendly is
  don't need to be Advertiser friendly is
my totally free newsletter compounded my totally free newsletter compounded
  my totally free newsletter compounded
daily some of the best Finance creators daily some of the best Finance creators
  daily some of the best Finance creators
and I write articles there about topics and I write articles there about topics
  and I write articles there about topics
that don't need an entire video or just that don't need an entire video or just
  that don't need an entire video or just
wouldn't do well with the YouTube wouldn't do well with the YouTube
  wouldn't do well with the YouTube
algorithm so if you like these videos algorithm so if you like these videos
  algorithm so if you like these videos
you should sign up to that at link below you should sign up to that at link below
  you should sign up to that at link below
as always don't forget to like And as always don't forget to like And
  as always don't forget to like And
subscribe to keep on learning how money subscribe to keep on learning how money
  subscribe to keep on learning how money
works 